Mom, I need to go to the toilet.
Go ahead. Mmm.
Police comrade
I'll leave it to you.
Don't worry, we'll do our best.
Did you notify your family about this?
Right.
home
Dad?
This is the first time my daughter has begged you.
I beg you to help me find Yanyan
Is it worth it for that useless daughter?
Dad?
Grandpa's surname is Li
That was a piece of meat that fell off me too.
I beg you
I beg you to take care of Yanyan for me
I beg you.
You'd better ask your useless husband about your daughter
As far as I know
I still owe a lot of foreign debt
What is the matter with you
If you don't beat for a few days, are you being raised by someone?
Li Mingchen
Tell me where grandpa is
You yell at me again
I sold you. I
You bastard
It should also be your daughter
Aargh.
Dear daughter, what's wrong?
I'm still a loser.
Don't talk
Then your ideas are quite valuable
The master actually 1.50 million haha
I not only paid off my gambling debts
You made 500,000?
It's not much better than marrying a woman to collect money, right?
Ah, I'm going to count my farts
Hey, I'm my lady, right? It's your daughter, Xiao Zhao.